nb course start time welcome
tbalch: Welcome to Computational Investing, Part I. Yesterday our TAs
Sourabh and Brian were putting final touches on the course.  We hit a
snag when the coursera site had issues.  We're testing/checking
everything out today, and will release it in a few hours.  Sorry for
the delay.


nb welcome course syllabus video lecture quiz discuss forum
tbalch: Welcome to Computational Investing, Part I. The course is live now.¹
You can access the course material through the tabs on the left panel.
 ¹ dos chrome https://class.coursera.org/compinvesting1-002/class/index
	Syllabus: Gives an overview of the course schedule.
The prerequisites for the course and various other details.
We strongly recommend you to read this before you start with the course.
Video Lectures: Leads to the lectures for the current and previous weeks.
Quizzes: Leads to the quizzes for the current and previous assignments.
Discussion Forums: We'll be using Piazza for the forums in this class,
please register yourself on piazza.  This will offer you a place to
discuss problems and interact with other students and the instructors.
Week Pages: There will be a page dedicated to each week of the course
that will guide you through all the lectures, assignments, reading etc.
	We strongly encourage you to use the discussion forums for any
course problems that you encounter.  Please also consider helping your
fellow students via these forums—the stronger the student community,
the more successful the course!
	On the right panel you can find the upcoming deadlines for new
quizzes as well as the newly uploaded lectures.
	This class will have several programming assignments in Python
and will help you build a market simulator by the end of the class.
There will be one programming related assignment everyweek starting
the second week.
	We hope you enjoy this course!  If you run into any troubles,
the course forums are the best place to start.

nb course software qstk python install
tbalch: software for this course.  Hello again :-).  All of the assignments
for this course will require you to use a Python-based software package
called QSTK.  In order to make this process smooth, we will be
spending time NEXT week to cover installation.  We will soon release
videos that step you through the process.  If you want to get ahead of
the game you can get started now.¹  If you run into any troubles,
please visit the course forums at piazza.
 ¹ http://wiki.quantsoftware.org/index.php?title=QSToolKit_Installation_Guide
