nb welcome overview course
tbalch: Welcome to Computational Investing, Part I! Computational
Investing- Part I | Coursera Staff <noreply@coursera.org>. Feb 5.
Dear Jason David Catena, Welcome to Computational Investing, Part I. I
look forward to engaging with you on this challenging and interesting
subject.  We will cover many exciting topics, and investigate them
with hands-on "experiments" using Excel and the Python programming
language.  Before we get started, please be sure this courses is
suited for you.  Review the important points below.
	Who this course is for: The course is intended for people with
software programming experience and introductory level knowledge of
investment practice.  The primary prerequisite is an excitement about
the stock market.
	Who this course is not for: If you already use advanced
software tools such as Mean Variance Optimizers in your regular
investing practice, you will probably find that you are
"overqualified" for this course.
	Prerequisites for project track: If you would like to receive
a certificate of completion, you will have to turn in several
programming projects using the Python programming language.
You should have Python experience, and Unix and Python software
installation experience (i.e., PyPI, apt-get, easy install).
You should have a genuine interest in the stock market and an
understanding of basic statistical principles such as probability
distributions.
	Prerequisites for preview/video only track: You are invited to
watch the lectures in "preview mode." In this mode you do not have to
complete the homework assignments and quizzes.  You will not receive a
certificate in this track.  The course is designed so that the videos
are useful even if you do not do the projects.  You will get the most
out of the course if you have a genuine interest in the stock market
and an understanding of basic statistical principles such as
probability distributions.  The instructor assumes students have
introductory level programming skills and a basic knowledge of
statistics.  Algorithmic and statistical aspects of the course will be
illustrated using Excel spreadsheets and Python programs, so
familiarity with these tools is helpful.
	Head start: If you'd like to get a head start, you can take a look at the
website for the software we will use¹ or take a look at these two books.² ³
 ¹ dos chrome http://wiki.quantsoftware.org 
 ² Active Portfolio Management: A Quantitative Approach for Producing
Superior Returns and Controlling Risk by Richard Grinold, Ronald Kahn
 ³ All About Hedge Funds: The Easy Way to Get Started by Robert Jaeger 
